Speakers:
 - Brian Exelbierd, Red Hat, Czech Republic
 - Navid Shaikh, Red Hat, India


Abstract:
The Atomic Developer bundle (ADB) [1] is a development environment for containers from the same people that are bringing you the Atomic Host. The ADB is growing to help you create containers for use with Docker, orchestrators like Kubernetes, PaaS platforms like OpenShift and Mesos. In this presentation, Navid and Brian will demonstrate how the ADB works with host-based tools and IDEs on Linux, Windows, and Mac OS X and how you can kickstart development on Kubernetes, OpenShift, etc on a preconfigured Vagrant box. The talk will cover the capabilities provided by the Atomic Developer Bundle and ecosystem of client side tools that can leverage the capabilities and provide smooth user experience for containerized development. Learn how to use it, how we built it, and how you can make it better.

Bio:
Brian Exelbierd:
Brian Exelbierd has over 13 years of experience in IT/IS ranging from programming to team leadership and business roles.  He has worked for non-profits, for-profits and government. Brian joined Red Hat in 2014 to work on platform technologies and containers. An active member of Project Atomic, Brian has worked closely on the design and implementation of the Atomic Developer Bundle and has also worked with documentation and related tasks.  Brian has a BS in Mathematics Education (concentration Computer Science) from NC State University and an MS in Information Systems and Technology Management from the University of Delaware.
Twitter: @bexelbie Blog: www.winglemeyer.org Email: bex@pobox.com

Navid Shaikh:
Navid Shaikh is a Software Engineer working on Containers, Project Atomic, Kubernetes and Atomic Developer Bundle at Red Hat. He is actively involved in development of Atomic Developer Bundler. Navid is also an active member of Docker community and organizer of Docker Pune Meetup group, hosting and presenting in meetup events about container related technologies. He also contributes in Open Source initiatives and part of Virt SIG group for CentOS.
Twitter: @swordphilic


[1] https://github.com/projectatomic/adb-atomic-developer-bundle
